[CI:DOCS] docs: make CNI removal explicit (#20578)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-network.1.md

The network command manages networks for Podman.

Podman supports two network backends [Netavark](https://github.com/containers/netavark)

> and [CNI](https://www.cni.dev/). Netavark is the default network backend and was added in Podman v4.0.

Reviewer: Or change the "version 5.0" to "v5.0" to be consistent.
```suggestion
and [CNI](https://www.cni.dev/). Netavark is the default network backend and was added in Podman version 4.0.
```
